all right ladies gentlemen welcome
Andrew Matuszak xc2 factory monster
Kawasaki energy the whole nine yards
tell me about you Andrew what's up how
you like your year all right a good
start this year came into the season
with not a lot of expectations and then
get out in the first race in Florida and
got a horrible start and I got up to
third
the old erase
ended up getting stuck kind of crashed
in going into the last lap Gibson up
past me finish and George went well for
me got a second place in SF the first
podium selves awesome and then last
weekend or Jewish going with Carolina
chasing them trying to chase down Caleb
there on the last lap and crash like 50
straightaway broke my ankle so yeah it's
a little little secret that not
everybody knows about you this weekend
you're gonna have to go out and ride
since you don't get throwaways an xt to
class you have to go out and ride with a
broken ankle
I can try and go out there and getting
stupid hurt myself worse but why that
get some good points for sure all right
Andrew you're 20 years old now right yes
what's your best year racing so far best
your race
say probably
2004 are one like the first six or seven
races in b-flat
and ended up having to run a class in
the year I just had a good year that
year and I think those last year I
didn't have any injuries now that that
even Trump's your Loretta Lynn's 50
championship here yeah we I see that has
to take all of it I think that year when
I was trying to be class of one all
except for like to Nationals and all the
local stuff I race i was doing awesome
and stayed healthy that whole year so
that have been a good thing to do this
year well that's cool so uh you've been
riding bikes since you're 14 years old
you start yeah the deal was I had to
learn to ride a bicycle without training
wheels before I can get a dirt bike
I had a four-wheeler when I was two and
then whenever I turned 38 learned to
ride a bicycle so I got a dirt bike for
my third birthday and started racing
motocross announced for and then started
off road stuff I remember your first
race ever back on a dirt bike in the
woods was that Bell Buckle Tennessee
probably the dustiest race I've ever
been to yes dusty one as back even when
Papa Papa matuszak used to straddle a
bike I used to put it to Mia how long
did that last how long did John that
John is Andrews dad how long did John
get to ride in front of him probably for
six months ago right after that it was
all later dad yeah yes well cool you've
been riding motocross your first half of
your career you had a few years off due
to an injury and then you come back and
you've been running in woods you miss
the motocross you love the woods what is
it I mean yeah it's he goes both ways I
mean there's this great stuff about
motocross I mean it
a lot more I guess intense the whole
time the racing is a lot closer usually
and it's only 15 then Nationals is 30
minutes so
everything happens real fast then in the
woods racing you have a different style
riding and you don't have to push one
hundred percent the whole time like
after I fast but it's not like hanging
it all out there every lap the whole
time and if you mess up then there's a
lot of time where you can make up for
what you lost so it's really i don't
know i don't really have a favorite give
me a train schedule what are you doing
now that you're running XC to spend a
little bit of time on the spin cycles
and cardio last two weeks my train
schedules been wake up and go to the
clinic and get some electro impulses in
my foot and then i get some laser
therapy done ok but gym now in a healthy
week what are we talking yeah healthy
week usually it's going to the gym a
couple days a week and then either
rotten road bike on the trainer or going
on a road bike ride with Russell Bobbitt
and
and riding usually four or five days a
week and then if we race that weekend or
not cool tell us something about Andrew
matuszak people might not know I can't
work on a bike save my life ladies
gentlemen that's where John dad mateus
that comes in we handed Andrew a wrench
one time he didn't know what to do with
it all right Andrew thanks a lot
spending some time with you with us hope
some people get to know who andrew is
what do you have to say to everybody for
the end of this year hopefully I'll be
there all year long anybody need to look
at out there you're gonna run anyone
down going to chase them down on the
tour not in a physical harmful way
you're running chase anyone down all
right ladies gentlemen enema to sac 2008
xc2 Pro thanks